-->Self Introduction / Tell me abt yourself?
Good Evening,
Thanks for the opportunity.
I'm Narendhiran , from Chennai,Tamilnadu. I completed my Bachelor of Technology in Electrical and Electronics Engineering at SRM Institute of science 
and technology. In my final year, I worked on a project called "IoT based Spatial monitoring and environmental prediction for greenhouses. 
where I created the prediction system with the help of neural network.
I also did my internship at PD Technology Service as a Testing Engineer. 
I have skills in C, C++, TCP/IP, ARM Programming.
My short goal is to get a job where I can utilize my skills and Improve my career path/growth.
My long term goal is to be respectable position in that organization. 
My strength is I'm self-motivated and hard working person towards my career path.
My weakness is sometimes I refuse to say NO when someone asks for help, I'm bit lazy in which I'm not interested, however I'm learning to say NO.
In my free time, I enjoy Pencil Sketching and Playing Cricket.
That's a bit abt me. 
Thank you!

--> Why do want work for this company? / Why should I hire you?
I'm well equipped with my skills that are required for the designation/job role along with that I'm also good with my soft skills, that makes me great fit 
for the role.

--> What is your salary expectations?
Based on my research and market conditions for this role, I hope X to Y LPA can be apt for me. but I would also  be happy know your afforability.

--> How do you work under pressure?
I've learned to work under pressure, During my final year project, we had to face technical challenges, so we broke down the challenges, priroritized technical components
with help of my friends and guide/ professor.

-->Do you have any questions for us?
Thanks for asking me, I would like to know which area I need to improve myself, and what are the suggestions that you give me for improvement?

-->Describe yourself in one sentence.
I'm a dedicated individual who values hard work, learning and teamwork to achieve my goals.









